All right.
We have one bad boy left which would be background attachment.
But for the background attachment we're going to do a little bit more realistic example.
First things first we would like to get rid of the height as it is right now with 400 pixels and we're
gonna say mean height instead.
So this would probably make sure that even though the content of our div is not let's say big enough
100 percent do you hide it always is gonna be at least minimal height of hundred percent.
And can say here view height and as well as always you don't have to just use this in view height.
I'm just setting up this with the view height you can use this with the pixels as well.
That would be the first thing that we're gonna get rid of let's say color red and we're gonna add some
green one then to say that the colors can be green can also add right away some font size of let's say
60 pixels.
And now I'd like to place this text in a center.
Now we haven't covered this yet we haven't covered the Flex box but we we're gonna use it quickly again
don't please hang up on this.
We're going to cover all these properties later on with the values.
So for now just type with me and we're going to place the text in the center.
So I'm gonna say first display is going to be equal to flex.
Then we would like to justify content in horizontally.
So we're gonna write center and a line items also in the center that would work and this is gonna place
it exactly in the center.
I would probably still want to add the text in the center as well.
So I'm going to text a line and text the line is gonna be in the center.
There is a little bit of margins and patterns that we're getting so maybe why don't we do a quick reset
or preset where we are just margin.
It is gonna be zero.
Now we have already covered these properties with values padding is also gonna be set to zero and box
sizing is gonna be set to board a box.
Mark sizing motorbikes once we say it we have three big containers each of them having a hundred percent
of the year.
Since we already have covered the view height items.
Okay what's next.
Well we have the background attachment now for the background attachment.
Let's maybe also change some few things around because it's going to be much more easier to see once
we have the big images and hear the changes that are gonna be very simple.
How would you like to have the big J pack for the third guy for the folder image and for the small one
I'm gonna change this one to the folder image so I'm gonna stay here like this.
So I would cover this line of code and I'm gonna basically cut it out copy and paste it right here.
So I'm now going to have my second one and then for the third one I'm also gonna get the big JPEG so
I'm going to copy this one and you're not gonna copy and paste it here for a background image.
Now what else we're gonna do well we're gonna have the background size set to cover.
Then we're gonna get rid of the repetition and position.
So I'm gonna say these guys are not going to matter when I say background and we're gonna have size
is gonna be for all of them cover.
And you know what.
We can maybe add also.
No repeat.
So let's do like this.
Let's copy and paste in let's uh.
Right here.
No repeat.
And here this is gonna be no repeat.
So all three of them are gonna be exactly the same.
And you know what.
What else we can do what position we can maybe add center.
So let's say background position position is gonna be in the center for all the images and you know
what.
Again let's do the same thing where you can just copy paste them.
I'm going to copy paste them now for all my whatever the banners that I have right now.
The position is gonna be in the center.
Now where does the background attachment comes in as I'm scrolling I can see that I have three massive
images and we can see it actually better on a bigger screen where we have the I am big image I am the
small image and I am the folder image all of them are big banners that we are all going to later on
use usually for our site.
The moment we load this isn't gonna be the big image that we're all going to be loading as a background
name.
However we have an option of setting the background attachment.
How is background attachment gonna do.
Well let's figure out.
So for the middle one because it's gonna be easier to see in the beginning.
We can just write background and then we have an option of background attachment.
So here we have the scroll and the fixed.
So that's what we're looking for.
Well the first one is gonna make sure the background image stays fixed while the text is still moving.
You want to see that here.
This would be one that doesn't have the fixed.
And as I'm scrolling down.
Check this out.
So the second one is gonna have the scroll effect whereas we're moving up and down.
We're having this parallax effect where the text is moving but the image stays actually fit because
the background attachment property has been set to fixed.
We can do the same thing for all of them.
Now that we know how this is gonna work.
So again let me select a line then copy and paste it.
We would want to copy and paste it to the first one as well as to the third one not all of them are
gonna have it.
And now again we can check it out.
Now this is gonna be for all of them.
What are we up and down and the background attachment is gonna be fixed.
Again this is gonna be something that we're gonna be using whenever we're going to load the page.
There's gonna be big banner image and as I was crawling up and down the actual property is gonna be
set to fixed.
And as a result will be having this parallax effect where the text is gonna be moving.
However the background image here is gonna stay fixed.